add documentation to py3-native docker image (#11047)
demisto/dockerfiles: docker/py3-native/README.md

This README purpose is to clarify the following:
* Which docker images the native image supports
* The purpose of the **verifiers** folder
* OS dependencies for each docker image that the native image supports
* What are native images and how to handle them

## How To Handle Native Images
### What is a native image?
* Native image is a combination of a lot of docker images that scripts and integrations use. 
* The native image contains all the OS / python dependancies that are used in the supported docker images
* For example, given the docker image taxii2, tesseract and chromium, the native image will contain all of their OS / python dependencies. 
* That means that every integration/script that uses taxii2, tesseract or chromium docker image can also be used in the native image and there is compatibility between them.

### What should I do when changing a docker-image in the dockerfiles repo?

> * Check if the docker image that was changed is supported also in the native image. It is possible to check it in the docker native image configuration file. Note: if you have changed a docker-image that is supported in the native image the native docker validator workflow will fail and alert you. 

Reviewer: add link to the config file

> * if the docker image is supported in the native image, make sure that the changes that you made to that docker image will also be applied in the native image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the docker image is supported by the native image, apply the same changes to the native image
```

> * If a new python dependency was added to the docker image, make sure it's also added to the native image.  

Reviewer: add these points as a sublist (indent it)

Author: what do you mean by "sublist" - and the points are already indented by markdown

Reviewer: If the docker image is supported by the native image, apply the same changes to the native image. <- this is general
 
  If a new python dependency was added to the docker image, make sure it's also added to the native image. <- This is an example of that. So I mean have it like 
  
Main List
Point 1 
Point 2
    Example of point 2
    Another Example
Point 3

Author: done + proper examples

* If a new OS dependency was added to the docker image, make sure it's also added to the native image.
* After you are done, add to your PR the label "native image approved" that means that the native image is compatible with the updated docker image that you changed. 

> * If the issue cannot be resolved, add the script/integration to be ignored in the docker native image configuration file with the native image version that failed, that will make the script/integration to run on the original docker image in XSOAR-NG. 

Reviewer: Even if it can be resolved, he will need to add it to ignore for the current version

Author: why?

Reviewer: if 8.1 just got released, and we need to add a new package to chromium for rasterize to work, we will add it to nativeImage for 8.2, but 8.1 wont support rasterize anymore

Reviewer: if it runs on 8.1 it wont have the new package so the code might break.

This isnt a blanket rule, but there will be cases where it must be added to ignore

### What should I do when lint/test-playbook fails on the one of the native images?
* Check if lint / test-playbook has passed on the original docker image.
* In case yes, try to figure out what are the possible differences that can be between the original docker image to the native image version that failed.

> * Run: docker run -it --rm <native_image_docker> sh - that command will create a new container that is based on the native image that you put.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*To create a terminal in the native image, Run: docker run -it --rm <native_image_docker> sh 
```

      - assuming "curl" was added to the **[readpdf](https://github.com/demisto/dockerfiles/tree/master/docker/readpdf)** docker image, make sure it is also added to the native image and make sure its documented [here](https://github.com/demisto/dockerfiles/blob/master/docker/py3-native/README.md#os-dependencies-for-each-custom-image).
3) After you are done, add to your PR the label "native image approved" that means that the native image is compatible with the updated docker image that you changed.
4) **Add the script/integration to be ignored only in the production native images in the [docker native image configuration file](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/Tests/docker_native_image_config.json), that will make the script/integration to run on the original docker image in XSOAR-NG.**
 

### What should I do when lint/test-playbook fails on the one of the native images?
1) Check if lint / test-playbook has passed on the original docker image.
   - In case lint / test-playbook also failed on the original docker image:

>      - The new code that was added to the integration is not able to run on the none of the supported docker images - a problem that is not related to native-image(s) - check why.

Author: changed it to be more concise.

      - assuming "beautifulsoup4" python module was added to the **[py3ews](https://github.com/demisto/dockerfiles/tree/master/docker/py3ews)** docker image, make sure to add the "beautifulsoup4" python module also to the native image.
   - If a new OS dependency was added to the docker image, make sure it's also added to the native image and also documented in [here](#os-dependencies-for-each-supported-docker-image) readme, examples:
      - assuming "git" was added to the **[crypto](https://github.com/demisto/dockerfiles/tree/master/docker/crypto)** docker image, make sure it is also added to the native image and make sure its documented [here](#os-dependencies-for-each-supported-docker-image).
      - assuming "curl" was added to the **[readpdf](https://github.com/demisto/dockerfiles/tree/master/docker/readpdf)** docker image, make sure it is also added to the native image and make sure its documented [here](#os-dependencies-for-each-supported-docker-image).
3) After you are done, add to your PR the label "native image approved" that means that the native image is compatible with the updated docker image that you changed.

> 4) **Add the script/integration to be ignored only in the production native images, refer the section [How to ignore native-images in the docker native image configuration file?](#how-to-ignore-native-images-in-the-docker-native-image-configuration-file).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Check if the docker image that was changed is supported also in the native image. That can be checked in the [docker native image configuration file](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/Tests/docker_native_image_config.json). **Note:** if you have changed a docker-image that is supported in the native image the **native docker validator workflow** should fail and alert you. 
2) If the docker image is supported by the native image, make any necessary changes to the native image to ensure it can still run the integration/script.
- If the changes cant be made and the script can no longer run with the native image, have the native image ignore this script in the config file. 
- Even if the same changes can be made, it's likely that we will need to drop support in the current version of the native image since that image doesnt have these changes. If this is the case we should still add this script to the ignore list (for the current version, not dev version).

3) After you are done, the PR reviewer should add the label "native image approved" that means that the native image is compatible with the updated docker image that you changed.

Reviewer: the following :

  - If a new python dependency was added to the docker image, make sure it's also added to the native image, examples:  
      - assuming "pan-os-python" python module was added to the **[pan-os-python](https://github.com/demisto/dockerfiles/tree/master/docker/pan-os-python)** docker image, make sure to add the "pan-os-python" module library also to the native image.
      - assuming "beautifulsoup4" python module was added to the **[py3ews](https://github.com/demisto/dockerfiles/tree/master/docker/py3ews)** docker image, make sure to add the "beautifulsoup4" python module also to the native image.
   - If a new OS dependency was added to the docker image, make sure it's also added to the native image and also documented in [here](#os-dependencies-for-each-supported-docker-image) readme, examples:
      - assuming "git" was added to the **[crypto](https://github.com/demisto/dockerfiles/tree/master/docker/crypto)** docker image, make sure it is also added to the native image and make sure its documented [here](#os-dependencies-for-each-supported-docker-image).
      - assuming "curl" was added to the **[readpdf](https://github.com/demisto/dockerfiles/tree/master/docker/readpdf)** docker image, make sure it is also added to the native image and make sure its documented [here](#os-dependencies-for-each-supported-docker-image).

Should be added to the optional section

Author: why? this is required

Reviewer: The idea here is that we want the dev to know he needs to be able to run the integration on the native image. On his own he can understand that he needs the python/os dependencies to be sorted out. To elaborate and explain that is good, but not every developer needs to read it. Thats why I think it should go under a "read more about ... " type of section

Author: done

This README purpose is to clarify the following:
* Which docker images the native image supports
* The purpose of the **verifiers** folder
* OS dependencies for each docker image that the native image supports
* What are native images and how to handle them

## How To Handle Native Images
### What is a native image?
* Native image is a combination of a lot of docker images that scripts and integrations use. 
* The native image contains all the OS / python dependancies that are used in the supported docker images
* For example, given the docker image taxii2, tesseract and chromium, the native image will contain all of their OS / python dependencies. 
* That means that every integration/script that uses taxii2, tesseract or chromium docker image can also be used in the native image and there is compatibility between them.

> ### Required: What should I do when changing a docker-image that is supported in the native image?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Required: What should I do when changing a docker-image that is supported by the native image?
```

> 1) Check if the docker image that was changed is supported also in the native image. That can be checked in the [docker native image configuration file](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/Tests/docker_native_image_config.json). **Note:** if you have changed a docker-image that is supported in the native image, the **native docker validator workflow** should fail and alert you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Check if the docker image that was changed is supported by the native image. That can be checked in the [docker native image configuration file](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/Tests/docker_native_image_config.json). **Note:** if you have changed a docker-image that is supported in the native image, the **native docker validator workflow** should fail and alert you. 
```

> 2) If the docker image is supported by the native image, make any necessary changes to the native image to ensure it can still run the integration/script, for more info refer to [Optional: How to adjust changes in the docker image to the native image?](#optional-how-to-adjust-changes-in-the-docker-image-to-the-native-image).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) If the docker image is supported by the native image, make any necessary changes to the native image to ensure it can still run the integration/script. For more info refer to [Optional: How to adjust changes in the docker image to the native image?](#optional-how-to-adjust-changes-in-the-docker-image-to-the-native-image).
```

   - If the changes cant be made and the script can no longer run with the native image, have the native image ignore this script in the [docker native image configuration file](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/Tests/docker_native_image_config.json). For more info refer to [How to ignore native-images in the docker native image configuration file?](#how-to-ignore-native-images-in-the-docker-native-image-configuration-file) section.
   - Even if the same changes can be made, it's likely that we will need to drop support in the GA version(s) of the native image since that image does not have these changes. If this is the case we should still add this script to the ignore list (for the GA version(s), not dev version).
3) After you are done, the PR reviewer should add the label "native image approved" that means that the native image is compatible with the updated docker image that you changed.

> ### What should I do when lint/test-playbook fails on the one of the native images?

Reviewer: Would add some note here about trying to fix it, whether by code or by changing the image, not just going right to ignore

Author: agreed
